Doc/1120 create script options parser docu (#1134)
exasol/script-languages-release: doc/user_guide/script_options/migrations_guide.md

#### Step 1: Understanding Key Differences

| Feature                  | v1                                                                                                           | v2                                                                                                                              | Action                                                                     | 
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| White space handling     | All white spaces between the option key and value are treated as separators; trailing spaces are removed.    | All white spaces between the option key and value are treated as separators; trailing spaces are kept, except for `jar` option. | Check for trailing white spaces in script options and remove if necessary. |

> | Unknown Options Behavior | Unknown options remain in the script and might cause Java compiler errors.                                   | Unknown options cause the parser to throw an exception.                                                                         | n/a                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unknown Options Behavior | Unknown options remain in the script and might cause Java compiler errors.                                   | Unknown options cause the parser to throw an exception.                                                                         | Remove unknown options.                                                    |
```

> | `%scriptclass`           | Only the first occurrence is removed; other instances remain (and probably will cause a Java compiler error) | The parser throws an error if there is more than one `scriptclass` option.                                                      | n/a                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `%scriptclass`           | Only the first occurrence is removed; other instances remain (and probably will cause a Java compiler error) | The parser throws an error if there is more than one `scriptclass` option.                                                      | Remove all but one `%scriptclass` entry.                                   |
```

### Migrating UDFs using Script Options V1 to Script Options V2

Welcome to the migration guide for transitioning your User Defined Functions (UDFs) from Script Options V1 to Script Options V2 in Exasol. Please follow the steps below to ensure a smooth migration:

#### Step 1: Understanding Key Differences

- **White Spaces Handling**:
  - V1: All white spaces between the option key and value are treated as separators; trailing spaces are removed.

>   - V2: White spaces between the option key and value are ignored; escape sequences at the start are recognized.

Author: Done

- **Unknown Options Behavior**:
  - V1: Unknown options remain in the script and are handled by the Java compiler.
  - V2: Unknown options cause the parser to throw an exception.

- **%scriptclass Option Handling**:
  - V1: Only the first occurrence is removed; other instances remain.

>   - V2: All occurrences are removed.

Author: Actually the new implementation throws an error if there is more than one `scriptclass` instance. Fixed it.

> - **%jar Option Handling**:

Author: Done

  - V1: Duplicates are unified and sorted alphabetically.
  - V2: Duplicates are kept, and the order is preserved.

- **%import Option Handling**:
  - V1: `%scriptclass` is ignored but not removed; already imported scripts are not re-imported.

>   - V2: `%scriptclass` is removed; same logic for removal of already imported scripts.

Author: outdated

#### Step 2: Preparing Your Environment

- **Roles**:
  - Database Administrators: Oversee execution and configuration.
  - Data Scientists and Developers: Adapt script implementations to new parser features.

#### Step 3: Modifying Your UDF Scripts

> 1. **General Script Options Syntax**:

Author: fixed

   - Ensure options are formatted correctly using the `%<optionKey><white spaces><optionValue>;` syntax.

2. **White Spaces**:
   - Update scripts to handle white spaces according to V2 rules:

>       - Use escape sequences (`\ `, `\t`, `\f`, `\v`) where needed.

Author: Examples can be found in the other docs

3. **Escape Sequences**:
   - Incorporate escape sequences like `\n`, `\r`, `\;` within script option values.

4. **Multiple Options**:

>    - Adjust handling for merging multiple options with the same key and different values.

Author: outdated
